UNIT FILE                                  STATE           VENDOR PRESET
apache-htcacheclean.service                disabled        disabled
apache-htcacheclean@.service               disabled        disabled
apache2.service                            disabled        disabled
apache2@.service                           disabled        disabled
apparmor.service                           disabled        disabled
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static          -
apt-daily.service                          static          -
atftpd.service                             indirect        disabled
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static          -
autovt@.service                            alias           -
avahi-daemon.service                       disabled        disabled
binfmt-support.service                     enabled         enabled
blk-availability.service                   disabled        disabled
blueman-mechanism.service                  disabled        disabled
bluetooth.service                          disabled        disabled
colord.service                             static          -
configure-printer@.service                 static          -
console-getty.service                      disabled        disabled
console-setup.service                      enabled         enabled
container-getty@.service                   static          -
cron.service                               enabled         enabled
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked          disabled
cryptdisks.service                         masked          disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service     masked          disabled
dbus.service                               static          -
debug-shell.service                        disabled        disabled
display-manager.service                    alias           -
dm-event.service                           static          -
dns2tcp.service                            generated       -
e2scrub@.service                           static          -
e2scrub_all.service                        static          -
e2scrub_fail@.service                      static          -
e2scrub_reap.service                       enabled         disabled
emergency.service                          static          -
faraday.service                            disabled        disabled
fstrim.service                             static          -
geoclue.service                            static          -
getty-static.service                       static          -
getty@.service                             enabled         enabled
haveged.service                            enabled         enabled
hddtemp.service                            generated       -
hv-fcopy-daemon.service                    disabled        disabled
hv-kvp-daemon.service                      disabled        disabled
hv-vss-daemon.service                      disabled        disabled
hwclock.service                            masked          disabled
ifup@.service                              static          -
ifupdown-pre.service                       static          -
ifupdown-wait-online.service               disabled        disabled
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static          -
inetsim.service                            generated       -
initrd-cleanup.service                     static          -
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static          -
initrd-switch-root.service                 static          -
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static          -
iodined.service                            masked          disabled
ipp-usb.service                            static          -
ipsec.service                              alias           -
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled         enabled
king-phisher.service                       disabled        disabled
kismet.service                             disabled        disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static          -
kmod.service                               alias           -
l2tpd.service                              alias           -
lightdm.service                            enabled         disabled
live-tools.service                         masked          enabled
lm-sensors.service                         disabled        disabled
logrotate.service                          static          -
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      static          -
lvm2-monitor.service                       disabled        disabled
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static          -
lvm2.service                               masked          disabled
man-db.service                             static          -
mariadb.service                            disabled        disabled
mariadb@.service                           disabled        disabled
miredo.service                             disabled        disabled
ModemManager.service                       enabled         enabled
modprobe@.service                          static          -
mysql.service                              alias           -
mysqld.service                             alias           -
networking.service                         enabled         enabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled         disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled         disabled
NetworkManager.service                     enabled         enabled
nfs-common.service                         masked          enabled
nfs-config.service                         static          -
nfs-idmapd.service                         static          -
nfs-utils.service                          static          -
nftables.service                           disabled        disabled
nginx.service                              disabled        disabled
nmbd.service                               disabled        disabled
ntp.service                                disabled        disabled
open-vm-tools.service                      enabled         enabled
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled        disabled
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled        disabled
openvpn.service                            disabled        disabled
openvpn@.service                           disabled        disabled
packagekit-offline-update.service          static          -
packagekit.service                         static          -
pcscd.service                              indirect        disabled
phpsessionclean.service                    static          -
plocate-updatedb.service                   static          -
plymouth-halt.service                      static          -
plymouth-kexec.service                     static          -
plymouth-log.service                       alias           -
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static          -
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static          -
plymouth-quit.service                      static          -
plymouth-read-write.service                static          -
plymouth-reboot.service                    static          -
plymouth-start.service                     static          -
plymouth-switch-root.service               static          -
plymouth.service                           alias           -
polkit.service                             static          -
portmap.service                            alias           -
postgresql.service                         disabled        disabled
postgresql@.service                        indirect        disabled
procps.service                             alias           -
ptunnel.service                            generated       -
pulseaudio-enable-autospawn.service        masked          disabled
qemu-guest-agent.service                   static          -
quotaon.service                            static          -
rc-local.service                           static          -
rc.service                                 masked          disabled
rcS.service                                masked          disabled
redsocks.service                           disabled        disabled
rescue.service                             static          -
rpc-gssd.service                           static          -
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled        disabled
rpc-statd.service                          disabled        disabled
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static          -
rpcbind.service                            disabled        disabled
rsync.service                              enabled         enabled
rsyslog.service                            enabled         enabled
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled        enabled
rwhod.service                              generated       -
samba-ad-dc.service                        masked          disabled
saned.service                              masked          disabled
saned@.service                             indirect        disabled
screen-cleanup.service                     masked          disabled
serial-getty@.service                      disabled        disabled
smartd.service                             alias           -
smartmontools.service                      enabled         enabled
smbd.service                               disabled        disabled
snmpd.service                              disabled        disabled
speech-dispatcher.service                  alias           -
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled        disabled
spice-vdagent.service                      alias           -
spice-vdagentd.service                     indirect        enabled
ssh.service                                disabled        disabled
ssh@.service                               static          -
sslh.service                               disabled        disabled
strongswan-starter.service                 disabled        disabled
stunnel4.service                           generated       -
stunnel@.service                           disabled        disabled
sudo.service                               masked          enabled
syslog.service                             alias           -
sysstat-collect.service                    static          -
sysstat-summary.service                    static          -
sysstat.service                            disabled        disabled
system-update-cleanup.service              static          -
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static          -
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static          -
systemd-backlight@.service                 static          -
systemd-binfmt.service                     static          -
systemd-bless-boot.service                 static          -
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service     disabled        disabled
systemd-boot-system-token.service          static          -
systemd-exit.service                       static          -
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-fsck@.service                      static          -
systemd-fsckd.service                      static          -
systemd-halt.service                       static          -
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static          -
systemd-hibernate.service                  static          -
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static          -
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static          -
systemd-initctl.service                    static          -
systemd-journal-flush.service              static          -
systemd-journald.service                   static          -
systemd-journald@.service                  static          -
systemd-kexec.service                      static          -
systemd-localed.service                    static          -
systemd-logind.service                     static          -
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static          -
systemd-modules-load.service               static          -
systemd-network-generator.service          disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled        enabled
systemd-poweroff.service                   static          -
systemd-pstore.service                     enabled         enabled
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static          -
systemd-random-seed.service                static          -
systemd-reboot.service                     static          -
systemd-remount-fs.service                 enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled        enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                     static          -
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static          -
systemd-suspend.service                    static          -
systemd-sysctl.service                     static          -
systemd-sysusers.service                   static          -
systemd-time-wait-sync.service             disabled        disabled
systemd-timedated.service                  static          -
systemd-timesyncd.service                  masked          enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static          -
systemd-udev-settle.service                static          -
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static          -
systemd-udevd.service                      static          -
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static          -
systemd-update-utmp.service                static          -
systemd-user-sessions.service              static          -
systemd-volatile-root.service              static          -
udev.service                               alias           -
udisks2.service                            disabled        disabled
upower.service                             disabled        disabled
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static          -
usbmuxd.service                            static          -
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static          -
user@.service                              static          -
uuidd.service                              indirect        disabled
vgauth.service                             disabled        disabled
virtualbox-guest-utils.service             enabled         enabled
vmtoolsd.service                           alias           -
vpnc@.service                              disabled        disabled
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static          -
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service            disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled        disabled
x11-common.service                         masked          disabled
xl2tpd.service                             generated       -
xrdp-sesman.service                        disabled        disabled
xrdp.service                               disabled        disabled

241 unit files listed.
